Update NOTES.txt to properly display warnings (#174)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-collector/templates/NOTES.txt

[WARNING] "secretMounts" parameter is deprecated, please use "extraVolumes" or "extraVolumesMounts" instead.
{{ end }}

> {{- if not .Values.mode }}

Reviewer: Makes sense. I thought we didn't define default mode in values.yaml at all

Author: values schema didn't like the null as a possible string enum, so its default is "", which is also false.

[WARNING] "standaloneCollector" and "agentCollector" are deprecated, please use "mode". See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/blob/main/charts/opentelemetry-collector/UPGRADING.md for instructions.
{{ end }}

{{- if and .Values.standaloneCollector.enabled .Values.agentCollector.enabled  }}

> {{ fail "[ERROR] Using 'standaloneCollector' and 'agentCollector' together is deprecated, please use 'mode'. See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/blob/main/charts/opentelemetry-collector/UPGRADING.md for instructions." }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ fail "[ERROR] Using 'standaloneCollector' and 'agentCollector' together is not supported anymore. See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/blob/main/charts/opentelemetry-collector/UPGRADING.md for instructions." }}
```
